chore(ui-config): Remove and deprecate navbar styling configuration (#1594)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: optimize/self-managed/optimize-deployment/migration-update/3.9-to-3.10.md

---
id: 3.9-to-3.10
title: "Update notes (3.9.x to 3.10.x)"
---

:::note Heads up!
To update Optimize to version 3.10, perform the steps in the [migration and update instructions](./instructions.md).
:::

The update to 3.10.x can be performed from any 3.9.x release.

> Here you will find information about:

Reviewer: Is it necessary to include lines 12-14 for redundancy? If this expands, I could understand outlining what the document will step through but don't find it necessary yet.

Author: yeah it is potentially redundant, I will remove it

Author: I agree, why dont we do this in a separate ticket tho as this doesnt necessarily relate to the navbar styling configuration?

Reviewer 2: Because you are adding the migration page (this is the first thing of note being added). The migration page should always have this information, even if in some cases in the past it might not have. I think we should include it here as doing it in a separate ticket seems redundant

Author: sorry for the delay - just implemented the changes :)

Author: @christinaausley let me know if there is something else we should still add from your perspective

Reviewer: This looks good to me!

---
id: 3.9-to-3.10
title: "Update notes (3.9.x to 3.10.x)"
---

:::note Heads up!
To update Optimize to version 3.10, perform the steps in the [migration and update instructions](./instructions.md).
:::

The update to 3.10.x can be performed from any 3.9.x release.

Here you will find information about:

- Limitations
- Known issues

> - Changes in the supported environments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changes in supported environments
```

- Any unexpected behavior of Optimize (for example, due to a new feature)
- Changes in translation resources

## Limitations

> No known issues at the moment.

Reviewer 2: so we don't need this right?

## Changes in the configuration

> In the 3.10 version of Optimize, it is no longer possible to configure the UI header. The following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the 3.10 version of Optimize, it is no longer possible to apply custom configuration to the UI header. The following
```

The update to 3.10.x can be performed from any 3.9.x release.

Here you will find information about:

- Limitations
- Known issues
- Changes in the supported environments
- Any unexpected behavior of Optimize (for example, due to a new feature)
- Changes in translation resources

## Limitations

No known issues at the moment.

## Known issues

## Changes in the supported environments

> ## Any unexpected behavior of Optimize (for example, due to a new feature)

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need these subsections if there is nothing to include, but the bulleted list above is enough

Author: word
